does this electric car dare compete with
this gasoline fed Ferrari 360 modena and
this Porsche Carrera GT yes the place
infineon the waste ways quarter-mile
track Ian Wright is confident his right
speed X 1 car has the right stuff
against
well maybe but in believes the average
car buyer just doesn't fully appreciate
the advantages of an electric car if you
measure the energy required to drive a
mile and compare that for the energy
used by Prius it's about three times
better batteries in acknowledges are
expensive need external charging and
have a driving range of only 150 miles
for the x1 but for a select group of
buyers these disadvantages are offset by
slick styling and performance I've
chosen to optimize a car for performance
and sell it into the performance market
technology will get a lot cheaper of
course with time and with practice and
with volume and it will trickle down to
much less expensive cars this is a proof
of concept vehicle not a production car
from proof of concept it's no time for
proof of performance first up the
Ferrari 3,000 pounds and costing 170
thousand dollars compared with 1500
pounds and 150 thousand dollars for the
x1
she
next up the Porsche 3,200 pounds and
costing four hundred thousand dollars so
for the top time of 112 miles an hour
and 11.1 seconds Ian's x1 series will
have the right stuff I'm will Northey
Kron 4 news
you